[Dalaga] Go out
again for any reason.
men in Khartoum will
arrest your family.
Do I make myself clear?
You're okay.
You're still in
London. You're safe.
[Sami over phone]
Nowhere is safe.
Let me think about this.
Let me work it out.
[Henry] Someone
closed distance
on Poppy like they were
about to run a kidnap.
Good thing our street
team was on deck. huh?
[panting]
Start anywhere you like.
There are secret negotiations
taking place in London.
I believe Samia Zahir
to be of enormous value.
And you want us to recruit her?
I think we have to.
[Blake] She still
in love with you?
- Yes.
- Can we use that?
- If I get the chance.
- I see opportunity here.
Langley would eat
this up with a spoon.
Go get her.
Where's Coyote?
- [Novikov] General Volchok.
- The Russians have him.
[Blair] Orekhov made
contact with Volchok today.
The target was isolated with
only three people present.
- Who's the third?
- His secretary.
Orekhov heard him
call her Sylviya.
Paul?
No.
♪ Low. atmospheric music ♪
♪♪♪
My name isn't Paul.
I'm here to tell the truth
so that when you
leave this room.
you know the danger you're in.
What are you talking about?
Your colleague Osman.
He suspects me.
He's been following me.
He wants to know
where I go. what I do.
If he keeps looking.
he'll discover who I am.
Who are you?
You're a spy.
Who do you work for?
The CIA.
♪ Pulsing. tense music ♪
♪♪♪
My department sent me to Addis.
I had a mission. but
I also had a life.
In that life. I met you.
I don't know what you're saying.
I never spied on you. Sami.
You were never a target.
When they ordered me
to return. I left.
but I couldn't forget about you.
And when I heard you
were in London...
- I need to leave...
- The people
who brought you here.
if they find out
who I am. they'll
assume you work for me.
You'll be killed.
But we can protect you.
- "We"?
- Samia...
The fucking CIA?
Yes. the fucking CIA.
The CIA knows about you.
they know about the secret
talks here in London.
How do they know?
How?
Because I told them.
You spoke to a foreign agency?
- I tried to fix it on my own.
- You've killed me.
I couldn't. now I need...
- No. No.
- To protect you.
To protect me?
[sighs]
The Agency needs to know
about the negotiations.
They know the Chinese
are in the room.
They need someone in
the same room. too.
So you want to use me.
In exchange for protection.
Yes.
Right.
You lying piece of dog shit.
- I will never...
- Samia. listen to me...
I will never betray my country.
They will find out about us.
and when they do. your
country will arrest you
and torture and kill you.
And when they arrest
me. they will be wrong.
but my conscience will be clear.
How about yours. Paul?
Or whatever your name is.
- Please. Samia...
- Let go of me.
Take a day.
Let go.
- Sami.
- I said let go.
I told you nothing.
♪ Dark. tense music ♪
♪♪♪
♪ "Love is Blindness"
by Jack White ♪
♪ Love is blindness ♪
♪ I don't want to see ♪
♪ Won't you wrap the night ♪
♪ Around me ♪
♪ Oh. my heart ♪
♪ Love is blindness ♪
♪ Blindness ♪
♪ I don't want to see ♪
♪ Won't you wrap the night ♪
♪ Around me. yeah ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ My love ♪
♪ Love is blindness ♪
♪ Oh. love is blindness ♪
♪ Oh. blow out the candle ♪
♪ Blindness ♪
♪ slow. contemplative music ♪
♪♪♪
So. what did he say?
Samia?
Um. they don't want me
missing any more seminars.
And your visa?
I behave. be a good
girl. do my studies.
it will be fine.
Let's go.
Terrible fucking day.
It started off bad.
Look at it now.
- It's not over.
- Martian screwed the approach.
Contact was clean.
offer was made.
- Ball's in her court.
- What am I supposed
to tell Langley?
I promised them
ears in the room.
- What if she blows the whistle?
- Well. they pack up their tent.
- hop the next camel and move.
- Yeah.
The next time we hear about
it. it's gonna be on the news.
And the history books.
Not helpful.
[sighs]
Seriously...
how did the Chinese get so
far ahead of us on this one?
This one?
♪ "Leto" by Nataliya Gulkina ♪
♪♪♪
Better in English so
no one understands us.
If you leave.
the general will find out
we meet here once a month.
♪ Slow. tense music ♪
♪♪♪
What do you want?
Tell me what you do
for General Volchok.
I'm his secretary.
I bring posts. answer
phones. type emails.
Do you clean his glasses?
I don't understand.
We need something
you have access to.
Something he always has on him.
Does he wear a ring?
A watch he takes off to wash?
This is crazy.
He sees and hears everything.
He probably knows you are here.
Just get us
something we can use.
Trust me. and nothing
will happen to you.
I promise.
What is that worth to me?
[door opens]
[Bosko] So I'm
supposed to believe
this is a total coincidence.
The Chinese have their
largest military base
outside of the
mainland in Djibouti.
They're letting these
Houthi pirates do this.
[Richardson] Well. even
if it is coincidence.
we're still fucked.
Now the Chinese can
say they need security
for their shipping routes.
More attacks. and they suddenly
want a port further north.
And if this peace
deal gets signed.
then every cargo
box through the Suez
passes under the nose and
guns of the Chinese Navy.
Planes from a
carrier in Port Sudan
could hit any European capital.
Yeah. in case you
forgot. that's you guys.
- Not us guys. You.
- So you want. you want us
to try and push China around?
No. I want you to sit there
in your tweeds and do nothing.
[chuckles] I don't
know if you heard.
but London hasn't been able
to make the Chinese
blink since the 1800s.
[chuckles] It's
your Great Game now.
I'm here to blow on your dice.
We got to get in that room.
What the hell's he doing here?
Huh? Oh. Bosko wanted
a China wonk to discuss
this whole Sudan mess with.
British liaison
tapped Richardson.
That a problem?
Thought you guys...
[British accent] were mates?
[softly] Yeah.
- [clears throat]
- [typing]
[Naomi] You think he
might take her to Iran?
[Danny over phone] Possible.
Rose is bright. same
level as Jerome.
She's been around
longer than me.
And what are you gonna do?
I don't know. I
can't scare her off.
Rose isn't a total
pussy like Jerome.
[laughs]
Do what you were trained to do.
Get close. be a friend.
work out where. when
and how to strike.
Okay?
Okay.
[Henry] His
assistant took this.
sent it to us.
We've. uh. we've made
a like-for-like match.
If we're a go. we can
age and patina them
to make them look identical.
[Martian] Will the
assistant. uh...
[Blair] Mrs. Sylviya Barazna.
Will she hold up?
Hard to gauge.
Can't you guys just
track his phone?
[Martian] He uses a burner
he changes every few days.
His entire staff isn't allowed
to bring phones near him.
[Blair] My read is. she's
more scared of him than us.
- But she sent the picture.
- Right.
If she was concerned before
that we could compromise
her. now she knows we can.
She can't back out.
So. how do we
protect this woman?
What do you mean?
[Blake] I mean. what
if she blows it?
What if Volchok has cameras
in the room? What if...
he makes the boots?
If at any point
he suspects she
betrayed him. what then?
Then she's on her own.
[Blair] This
plays. We got her.
We're good.
- We are.
- [Henry] Dr. Blake.
Coyote. a covert operative for
the United States government.
is behind enemy lines
and about to be handed
over to a hostile agency.
So on the one hand. I have
the future peaceful relations
between nuclear
armed superpowers.
- and on the other...
- I know what's at stake.
Good.
So we're good.
[door chimes]
[knock at door]
Hola! I brought wine But
don't get too excited.
You want nice wine?
I need a raise.
Oh. and I brought this.
The wine is dry.
The macroseismic
forces. very dry.
- [laughs]
- Ooh!
[typing]
More?
Oh. fuck yeah.
Why's Reza so
excited about Oslo?
Nobody cares about
Oslo. do they?
Well. he's not in Europe long.
It's a. um. "boondoggle."
[chuckles softly]
Has he asked you to go. too?
To Oslo? Yeah. Sorry.
I-I know he asked us to do
this together. but I'm going.
Check you.
And you didn't even have to
lose a million games of squash.
[stifled laugh]
- Or lick his butthole.
- [chuckles]
Yet.
[typing]
If he offered you Iran.
what would you say?
Has he asked you to go?
What would you say?
He doesn't take women.
Mm. what if he did?
He's asked you to go. hasn't he?
You just want me
to help you decide.
Tell me what you'd do.
I would fucking go.
You'd go?
Come on. The opportunity?
Once in a lifetime.
Hell yeah. I'd go.
He asked me yesterday.
Fuck.
What did you. what did you say?
Rose. that's amazing.
[sighs] Yeah. but you're sad
it's not you. though. right?
Fuck this shitty vino.
Get your coat. We're
going out to celebrate.
- Wait. wait. slow down.
- Come on.
- We've got work to do.
- Damn right we do.
On the dance floor.
bitch. Let's go.
♪ Baddadan. baddadan. baddadan ♪
[Chase & Status & Bou's
"Baddadan" playing]
♪ Baddadan. baddadan. baddadan ♪
[shouts]
[laughs. gasps] What
the fuck. girl?!
Cute barman with
the fingernails.
Two-for-one deal.
Wait. how do we know
it's not Rohypnol
and we're not gonna end up
tied up in his basement?
- I'll bring my own rope. Relax.
- [laughs]
I already took a
half. They're legit.
You're a beast.
You literally have no idea.
[Indecorum's "Fire
in My Body" playing]
♪♪♪
♪ Fire in my body ♪
[door closes]
[man] Hey!
[grunts]
Hi.
[Poppy] Oh. my God. Dad.
You scared us.
Nice to meet you.
Mr. Cunningham.
Daniel.
This is embarrassing.
You said that you'd text
if you were coming home?
My bad.
Dude. put some
clothes on and leave.
[Martian] Whoa. no.
You two go back to bed.
It's cool. I think I'm gonna go.
- See you at college. Poppy.
- Right. Yeah.
What happened to Luke?
Shut up.
[electronic dance music playing]
[Danny] Don't you
find it shitty?
Like. having to
prove your worth?
I don't need to feel
that. I'm a grown woman.
[Rose] We are.
We are grown-up women.
I feel like I'm being
tested all the fucking time.
I think you put way too much
pressure on yourself. girl.
[Danny] It's not me.
It's patriarchal
capitalism and the military
- industrial complex.
- Military capitalist thing.
[sputters]
[laughing]
[high-pitched] You look like a
little mouse when you do that.
Oh. shit. Oh. I haven't
done that in ages.
[sniffing] Oh! Oh.
that's nasty. Oh.
Tell me something I
don't know about you.
- Like?
- Anything.
- [sighs]
- What makes you happy?
MDMA.
[Danny laughs]
What makes you sad?
Sad? Um...
My mom has multiple
sclerosis. yeah.
so she wants to euthanize
herself in Switzerland.
but my family are Catholic
so they won't let her do
it because God and hell
and eternal damnation
and all that shit.
[inhales. exhales]
Whoa. Buzzkill.
Bitch. what part of
"What makes you sad?"
wasn't gonna be a buzzkill?
[laughs] Yeah. good point.
All right. your turn. [sniffs]
- Okay.
- Hmm?
- Um...
- Mm-hmm.
Happy.
Are you...?
- Are you fucking with me?
- Sad.
Come on.
- [laughs] Sad.
- Come on. is that it?
- [laughing]
- Happy.
- Sad.
- Get off me.
[catches breath]
- So. can I call him Dan or...?
- Dad. Dad. please.
Is it a thing? I'm just...
- Just what?
- Proud.
Yeah. 'cause that's what a
girl wants to think about
when she's having sex.
How proud her dad is.
[laughs]
I love you. Poppy.
[groans]
I mean it.
You're growing up
into a cool adult.
A great person.
♪ Low. sentimental music ♪
♪♪♪
Hmm. I get it.
What?
Nothing.
You're going away again.
No. I'm not.
It's just. this is how you spoke
before you went away last time.
You said that
everything was okay
and we were all gonna
be okay and then...
boom.
I'm not going anywhere.
For now.
♪ Slow. intriguing music ♪
♪♪♪
[knock at door]
Samia. We are waiting.
[Dalaga] regarding
the division
of the Western Darfur region.
you will find our suggestions
on page four.
appendix number six.
May I have a glass of water?
Obviously. we can't
agree to this.
On what grounds. sir? With
respect. let's be specific.
The allocations or
the historical claims?
The Masalit tribes
straddle the Chad border.
Get this wrong. you risk
international conflict.
We're here at the
invitation of the Chinese.
We agreed to
negotiate in English.
Our. uh. guests have asked us to
conduct our affairs in English.
[overlapping chatter]
- ♪ ominous music ♪
- [dialogue inaudible]
♪♪♪
[coughs]
Samia!
- Samia?
- Samia.
Samia.
Paul Lewis works for the CIA.
♪ Tense music ♪
♪♪♪
They know everything.
They tried to recruit me.
When?
At the university.
At the Royal College in
Mr. Kent-Jones' office.
I was right outside.
You didn't tell me?
I'm telling you now.
What exactly did they ask you?
That I give them the
details of the negotiation
in exchange for protection.
What did you tell them?
Be precise.
I said. "Fuck off."
You didn't want
their protection?
How did they react?
They gave me 24 hours
to change my mind.
I can go back and accept.
How could they know I
would be here doing this
long before even I did?
[thudding]
[sighs]
I need to stop this from
being catastrophe for you.
Where is your phone?
- In my bag. I turned it off.
- Leave it off. Don't use it.
Put it in your room.
I'll get you another one.
Abdel will take you back.
Stay there while we
get you a flight.
A flight?
You're going to Khartoum.
[sighs]
Samia.
If Paul Lewis does
anything to get in contact.
let me know.
♪ Slow. suspenseful music ♪
♪♪♪
Guo.
The American tried
to recruit Samia.
She just told me.
Well. we need to move
the negotiations.
- [Guo] Cairo. I'll arrange it.
- How long do you need?
Two days.
- I'll pass it on to our people.
- [Dalaga sighs]
Take care of the girl.
We'll take care of the rest.
Just tell me. what's
the play here?
Be sharp. follow my lead.
join in at the chorus.
don't fuck us up.
[British accent]
Gwendoline Evans?
Yes?
Fiona Grant. We
spoke on the phone.
We're from Assist UK.
What a lovely home you have.
- The perfect country cottage.
- [Gwendoline] Thank you.
It was my father's
gift to my mother.
[laughs softly] So
many happy memories.
- Hmm.
- Now. my husband's out
at the optician's
in Chipping Norton.
I thought it would be
better if we talk alone.
Hmm. I understand completely.
Why don't we tell you
a little about us?
[British accent] Assist
UK was founded in 2004.
Our foundation works
with people suffering
chronic and terminal conditions.
Uh. we offer legal advice
and even financial
or-or practical support
for people who believe they
should be able to choose
how and when to make
their final journey.
Well. I'm so grateful to you.
I've been sure about
this for a long time.
[Naomi] Mm. Well. my
colleague can give you details
of exactly how we can help you.
♪ Haunting music ♪
Fanny?
[clears throat]
Well...
[Danny] You're going
to murder Rose's mom?
Don't be ridiculous.
A Swiss doctor is.
- Fuck me. Naomi.
- I'm sorry.
is this outside of
your comfort zone?
If whacking Mrs. Tiggywinkle
is a bridge too far.
don't worry. there are
plenty of other jobs.
P.S.. that was a bullshit
performance back there.
It's a good thing
we were up against
a sweet old lady. not the
IRG. or we'd both be dead.
[sighs]
Tell me where I fucked up.
You got too close.
Two circles.
One for friends.
one for targets.
They never mix.
A target is an enemy.
That makes Rose's mom an enemy
of you. your country.
of the Agency.
Our enemies shut up. get
out of the way. or die.
[laughs] You should put
that on the website.
Oh. we make sure people know.
♪ Tense. dramatic music ♪
♪♪♪
- [men shouting]
- [gunfire in distance]
[gunfire]
♪♪♪
- [door opens]
- [Volchok] Sylviya.
Sylviya.
Ah.
[dogs barking]
♪♪♪
The bulk of the
collection was stolen
during the sack of
Beijing's Old Summer Palace.
Beautiful.
The figures. I mean.
The British looted for a week.
murdering the court.
their children. servants.
Stripped it and set it on fire.
Burned for almost a month.
Ah. the good old days.
The Americans did as you said.
Tried recruiting her.
Did they now?
Well. it's
quite a predicament.
I'm sure your office
will have a view.
The Yanks have
revealed their hand.
Loggerheads. Ugh. horrid word.
Where does it come
from. I wonder?
Well. I-I must dash.
Let's hope there's
a third way. eh?
A mutually beneficial.
longer-term plan for all of us.
Evidence and IDs of
two Russian agents
working in the U.S.
Energy Department.
You must really
want this to happen.
We do have our own ways
of applying pressure.
Oh. I don't doubt it.
But if you're referring
to all that saber-rattling
in the Bab el-Mandeb
Strait. it's not playing.
We thought Guóanbù were
more subtle than that.
- That was nothing to do with us.
- No. of course not. no.
And all this in
there belongs to us.
[Naomi] Martian ask
you to prepare a report
on Samia Zahir?
Yeah. he did. but
not much turned up.
And when did he ask you?
Uh. about two weeks ago.
What was the exact date?
Um...
[typing]
18th April. Uh. morning of.
- Why? Is there a problem?
- [phone ringing]
Um...
[British accent] Hello.
Mr. Kent-Jones's office.
[Sami] Hello. this
is Samia Zahir.
I saw Mr. Kent-Jones yesterday
and we agreed to
meet again tomorrow?
Yes. of course. Ms. Zahir.
Uh. let's make you
an appointment.
Uh. does 11 a.m. suit you?
Eleven? Yes.
Brilliant. Uh. we'll
see you tomorrow.
- Thank you.
- [hangs up]
[dials]
[line rings]
[Martian] Simon. what's up?
[regular voice] Hey.
yeah. I got a bite.
Uh. tomorrow. 11 a.m.
Good.
Yeah. She's supposed to...
We need to talk. Now.
[hangs up]
Fuck.
Send someone else.
Why?
You're too close.
You can't see it.
This is routine. She'll come in.
If you don't see it. that is
reason enough to step back.
- You aren't running this. Naomi.
- It's lucky for you I'm not.
Meaning?
Meaning you asked
Simon to run her ID
the day before you
bumped into her.
Simon's mistaken.
Right.
Because it's Simon who's
all over the fucking place.
You are making mistakes
I've never seen you make.
You're not my handler anymore.
No. Because you are no
longer in the field.
You have a nice. cozy desk job.
I have seniority.
Then make the right call.
♪ Low. gloomy music ♪
♪♪♪
[Henry] Say it again.
take your time.
Now. Right.
[whispering] We got a bogie
coming in from Beijing.
We'll bait and switch and see.
Hey. were you part
of that. that walk-in
at the Ecuadorian embassy?
[Henry] Three suitcases guy?
[Bosko laughs] Yeah.
[knock at door]
[door opens]
[Guo] Good morning. gentlemen.
I'm here representing
Dr. Samia Zahir.
I'll be speaking and
acting on her behalf
on all matters from now on.
Okay. Sit down.
[Guo] Your clumsy
recruitment attempt
is endangering a
fragile peace process...
You're in our sphere.
We have protocols.
You shouldn't have
gone behind our backs.
[Guo] Your agency
leaks like a sieve.
You know if either side finds
out about what happened.
they'll put an immediate
stop to the talks.
Oh. so the generals have
not been informed yet?
They'll receive an abridged
version of the facts.
- Ah.
- Routine investigation
has established Dr. Zahir
had been in contact
with a suspected CIA agent.
And thanks to Chinese diligence.
the issue was neutralized
before it became a problem.
As a precaution. Dr. Zahir
will no longer be present
and the negotiations
will now be moved.
[Bosko] Moved?
To where?
- Somewhere else.
- Hmm.
So. what do you expect us to do?
Absolutely nothing.
While you get a
port on the Red Sea.
Divulge the information
that you have.
and there will be
diplomatic consequences.
both public and private.
- [Henry chuckles wryly]
- Okay.
All right. well.
thanks for coming in.
I'm afraid I'm going
to disappoint you
because... I don't give a
rough fuck about diplomacy.
I work in intelligence.
I find it. I create it. I
buy it. and I sell it...
with the Saudis. the Brits.
the Israelis. the whole world.
I bought the phone
that led to Bin Laden.
You want nothing from me?
Nothing has a price.
Nothing is extremely
fucking expensive.
Russians. Two.
Working in the U.S.
Energy Department.
♪♪♪
Sold.
[Martian] The Great
Game. Played by nations.
China. Russia. United States.
Britain. Iran. Saudi Arabia.
A marketplace for
human currency.
We all speculate.
An individual's
price fixed according
to the rise and
fall of the market.
[Robinshaw] You're good.
Your story. I mean.
You never contradicted yourself.
You hesitated at
the right times.
You look like you're
telling the truth.
And the machine confirms it.
[monitors beeping steadily]
Question is. do we buy it?
The flat heart rate.
The perfect breathing.
The fake confusion. The sweat.
The "can I have a
glass of water?"
Or are you just a really
talented liar. hmm?
Should we push your talents?
Why is the Agency
interested in this man?
[distant gunfire]
Sylviya.
♪ Tense. ominous music ♪
♪♪♪
[breathing shakily]
[zipping]
Sasha...
[footfalls approach]
[Sasha] Da.
[gasps]
[gunshot]
- [car alarm beeps]
- [Martian] Who called the play?
♪ Tense. atmospheric music ♪
♪♪♪
My friend. when you've lost.
just move on.
Someone told you
how to play this...
and it wasn't Beijing
and it wasn't Khartoum.
Who was it?
I don't know you. but my advice?
Find a new fuck.
I asked you a question.
No one leaves until
you answer it.
Or what? I do anything
here and I'm clean.
You really ready to die for her?
Let's see.
[both grunting]
[yells]
♪ tense. exciting music ♪
♪♪♪
[panting]
You know. in a 35-year career.
a surgeon will make
17 incorrect decisions
which will have
fatal consequences.
- You didn't make the mistake.
- Maybe not.
Maybe she did.
A woman is dead.
For zero gain.
zero intelligence.
The thing keeping me up tonight
isn't "Did I make a mistake?"
It's "Now I have no line
to get Coyote back."
If we can't. more
people than Sylviya die.
Maybe a lot more.
[speaking Russian]
[man panting]
[grunts]
We are going on a trip.
They say travel
broadens the mind.
These are my best soldiers.
Some of them I found
in prison. Asylums.
Some of them I
wish I never found.
Whenever we stop for a bite
to eat. a bathroom break.
one of them is coming
and getting in with you.
He is locking the door.
and by the time we arrive
to our destination.
your mind. trust me.
will have broadened.
Bon voyage. Coyote.
[soldiers shouting]
[Coyote panting]
♪ driving. percussive music ♪
♪♪♪
[flight attendant] Mr. Abul-Aziz
Bilal? Would you please
follow me to fill out
the registration forms?
And then you can join Dr. Zahir
- in the lounge afterwards.
- Good evening. Dr. Zahir.
I'm Captain Rogers. Please
follow me through the lounge.
♪ Slow. cerebral music ♪
♪♪♪
[door closes]
Osman will be coming soon.
I want you to come with me now.
I've been ordered
to return home.
They can't force
you to leave London.
Request political asylum.
I'll make sure you get it.
- For what reason?
- Persecution.
Torture. Threat of execution.
Do you know what they do
to traitors' families?
We can work out how to
fix that if you stay.
If you leave. I
can't do anything.
I came to try to
rebuild my country.
That's why I'm here.
Do you think I would
disown my home now?
I would...
I would rather die.
You can't leave.
[whispers] I don't
know who you are.
- Then find out.
- [ragged breaths]
Find out.
Goodbye.
[door opens]
[door closes]
♪ intense music ♪
♪♪♪
♪ discordant. dramatic music ♪